Music tagger for disparate sources, old code half broken, originally written for
PLT Scheme (then ported to Racket) plus a bunch of external tools.

Have a wonderful day

## Instructions / Dependencies

Anankasm depends on the following tools: racket, rgain, eyeD3, TagLib.

Make sure racket is installed first.

This file used to read as follows:

> You need `replaygain(1)` tool which comes from the package `python-rgain`.

However, as of Debian Bullseye, `python-rgain` has been
[removed](https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=938361).

A fork exists here: https://github.com/chaudum/rgain3

So instead, you need to do `pip3 install rgain3==1.1.1`.


You also need the `eyeD3` tool.

You also need the libtag library which you can get with `libtagc0-dev`

    $ sh bootstrap.sh
    $ ./configure
    # make -f anankasm.mk install

## Configuration

You can adjust the filename template that the command-line tool `naturalize`
uses by modifying the source file `options.scm`.

## Usage

You can use it from the source directory.  You need to run `entry-point.rkt`.

The command-line syntax is as follows; to encode an existing group of files
using appropriate settings, you do as follows:

    racket entry-point.rkt encode SOURCE-DIR TARGET-DIR

This is useful for when you have a lot of FLACs and want to merge them into
your lossy collection.

You can also use naturalize from the entry point, eg,

    racket entry-point.rkt tag -Vn *.ogg


## Troubleshooting

### `couldn't open "libtag_c.so.0"`

Install `libtagc0-dev`.


## Bugs

* The drive offset is hardcoded for the rip command, meaning it probably won't
  be accurate for your drive.
* Morituri support should probably be removed, as it looks dead.  Either
  cdparanoia should be preferred.
* Whipper have removed WAV output support from their tool, in a decision that
  seems a bit strange.  So that support is probably at least semi-broken to
  totally broken.
